Hello and welcome back. In this practical, we will disable ASLR for the program we want to run.
The easiest way to disable ASLR is not by doing it manually, but using DIE to do it for you.
Let's load a CrackMe into DetectItEasy and then go to DIE. Go to the PE header, expand it,
select optional header pull this down and then go to the dll characteristics
click on flags drop down list. You need to uncheck dynamic base and high entropy va. But you cannot
uncheck this because this is read only. So you have to uncheck the read only here and that allows you
to uncheck this. The moment you uncheck this be careful, it will overwrite your original exe.
But it will make a copy of it as a backup.
Let me show you.
When I uncheck this now, uncheck this immediately, you get a backup here, the backup file.
See this?
This is the backup and this one is overwritten.
Alright, so now you can close.
You don't need to click save.
And now, when you load this new version and you open with DIE, and you go to the optional
header and you pull this down, look at the DLL characteristics and you see
dynamic base is unchecked. The final check. Now we want to run it with x64dbg
and you see it works. It loads at the base address there. It shows you the base
address rather than the ASLR randomized address. So that's all for this lesson.
lesson. Thank you for watching.